chore: Add a URL parameter for the existing workspace name (#2922)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/url-parameter-for-the-existing-workspace-name.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:description: URL parameter for the existing workspace name
:keywords: existing-workspace-name, how-to-start-workspace
:navtitle: URL parameter for the existing workspace name
:page-aliases:

[id="url-parameter-for-the-existing-workspace-name"]
= URL parameter for the existing workspace name

If the URL for starting a new workspace contain a URL parameter specifying the existing workspace name,

> an existing workspace created from the same URL is opened, or a new workspace is created.

Reviewer: to understand this sentence better: in which case is a new workspace created with the `existing` URL parameter?

Author: A new workspace is created with the existing URL parameter if no workspaces with the same repository URL already exist.

Author: We need the `existing` URL parameter to prioritize opening workspaces when multiple workspaces are created from the same URL.

Reviewer: I see. thanks for the explanation, I re-worded the sentence a bit. I'm wondering if there's a way to rewrite "The specified existing workspace name will be preferred " to make it more clear what's going to happen. does it mean that the workspace with the `existing` parameter will open instead of the others?

Author: Yes. It does. The workspace with the name as the value of the `existing` parameter will open.

> The specified existing workspace name will be preferred if multiple workspaces were created from the same URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you start a new workspace with a URL that contains the `existing` URL parameter specifying an existing workspace name, the existing workspace created from the same URL is opened. If no workspace from the same URL exists yet, a new workspace is created.

[NOTE]
====
If you create multiple workspaces from the same URL, the specified existing workspace name will be preferred.
====
```

The URL parameter for the existing workspace name is `existing=`:

[source,subs="+quotes,+attributes,+macros"]
----
pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]#__<git_repository_url>__?existing=__<existing_workspace_name>__
----

.Example

====

> `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]#https://github.com/eclipse-che/che-docs?existing=che-docs`

Reviewer 2: @deerskindoll I think it should be good, because it's just an example, but to double check: would it be OK if we have che related link in the DevSpaces documentation ?

Reviewer: good catch! we shouldn't do that. we need separate example for Dev Spaces or a neutral example applicable for both.

Reviewer 2: I think it could be replaced with 
`pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]#<git_repository_url>?existing=workspace_name`

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:description: URL parameter for the existing workspace name
:keywords: existing-workspace-name, how-to-start-workspace
:navtitle: URL parameter for the existing workspace name
:page-aliases:

[id="url-parameter-for-the-existing-workspace-name"]
= URL parameter for the existing workspace name

If you start a new workspace with a URL that contains the `existing` URL parameter specifying an existing workspace name, the existing workspace created from the same URL is opened.

> When specifying the `existing` URL parameter, several situations may arise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When specifying the `existing` URL parameter, following situations may arise:
```

1. No workspaces created from the same URL, and a new workspace is created.

2. The specified existing workspace name may not match any existing workspaces, and a warning will appear, in which you will need to select one of the following actions:
 - Create a new workspace.
 - Select an existing workspace to open.

> 3. The specified existing workspace name may match one of the existing workspaces created from the same URL; the existing workspace is opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there is no workspace created from the same URL, a new workspace is created.

* If the specified existing workspace name matches an existing workspace created from the same URL and the existing workspace is opened.

* If the specified existing workspace name does not match any existing workspaces, a warning appears and you need to select one of the following actions:
 ** Create a new workspace.
 ** Select an existing workspace to open.
```
